docs(intercom): readme added (#476)
konturio/disaster-ninja-fe: src/features/intercom/readme.md

## Intercom

This feature allow us communicate with users by integrated in application chat

### How to use

```ts
import('~features/intercom').then(({ initIntercom }) => {
  initIntercom();
});
```

### How it works

`initIntercom` function check permission for use cookies that intercom require.

> If it allowed - we set intercom related cookie, settings, and execute intercom sniped that integrate chat in application

Reviewer: If it **is** allowed - we set intercom related cookie, settings, and execute intercom **snippet** that integrate chat in application

> If it allowed - we set intercom related cookie, settings, and execute intercom sniped that integrate chat in application

Author: ```suggestion
If it is allowed - we set intercom related cookie, settings, and execute intercom snippet that integrate chat in application
```
